Curriculum Vitae           Linus Nordberg                   2015-06-22
----------------

Name:           Linus Nordberg       Nationality:  Swedish
Age:            46                   Location:     Stockholm

Education:      High school diploma in Engineering

E-mail:         linus@nordberg.se


Skills Summary
--------------

Software:       Strong C, C++, Python and Erlang programming and
		design skills. Experienced in Java programming. Good
		understanding of other dynamic and functional
		languages such as various Lisps.

                Thorough knowledge in network programming and network
                protocol dissection and design. Good understanding of
                IP, Ethernet and DTM.

                Thorough knowledge in onion routing, specifically Tor.
                Good understanding of the Tor protocol and
                implementation as well as experience of operation of
                the components of a Tor network. Skilled in privacy
                analysis of internet services.

                Strong host- and network security skills. Good
                understanding of security fundamentals as well as
                specific security mechanisms and standards, such as
                Kerberos, SSL/TLS, X509, RADIUS/RadSec.

                Experienced in routing packets on the internet, using
                software based routers and Juniper equipment. Good
                understanding of BGP and OSPF.

		Experienced in kernel development, specifically device
		driver programming for the Linux kernel.

                Good knowledge of the internals of the GNU toolchain
                including assembler, linker and debugger.

                Experienced in UNIX system administration (FreeBSD,
                OpenBSD, Linux, NetBSD, Solaris). Thorough knowledge
                in running internet software such as DNS, firewall,
                email, web and XMPP services with high security
                demands.

                Experienced in CM issues; source code versioning and
                concurrent usage, daily builds, multiple target
                platforms, automated functional and regression
                testing, release engineering, multiple software
                package versions.

                Also CL, Scheme, XML, JSON, GMP, Nettle, SQL, NoSQL,
                Twisted, SOCKS, Win32, assembly (PPC, 68k/ColdFire,
                ARM) and git, cvs, Auto* tools, make, gdb, Emacs.

Hardware:	IBM PC, IBM POWER3, Motorola PPC 860, ARM, ARClite
		microRISC core, embedded single board computers,
		evaluation boards for embedded CPU's.

Experience
----------

NORDUnet        Software Engineer
--------
May 09 -        Development and maintenance of security software,
Present         including Tor (adding support for IPv6), Kerberos
                (OTP support in MIT Kerberos), radsecproxy (RADIUS
                over TLS), libradsec (for Project Moonshot) and
                Certificate Transparency (RFC 6962).

                Development of a file sharing system with federated
                identity management based on BitTorrent.

Frobbit         Software Engineer Consultant
-------
Spring 09       Development of EPP (Extensible Provisioning Protocol)
                software, using Twisted to relay between EPP servers (XML)
                and administrative systems (JSON).

Net Insight	Software Engineer
-----------
July 05 -	Development of DTM related software on embedded	platforms,
April 09      	system software as well as protocol oriented software.
		Design and development of system simulation software.
		Development of application and device drivers for
     		Ethernet tunneling over DTM.

Tritech/Nexus	Software Engineer Consultant
-------------
December 02 -	Development of LAN emulation (Ethernet) layer for DTM on
June 05		Linux, implemented as a network driver with its own
		address resolution cache and routing table.
		Development of embedded platform based on Linux, for
		the PPC 860 CPU family.
		Development of PKI certificate signing and storage
		system based on Java stored procedures in an Oracle
		database environment.
		Test and development of embedded system for remote
		meter reading, for the ARClite microRISC core.
		System administration, FreeBSD and Linux. Security
		strengthening project including deployment of
		centralised logging and system monitoring.

e2 Home         Software Engineer
-------
November 00 -   Conceptual design of smarthome networked services.
December 02     Development of networked home appliances based on
                LonWorks. Low level communication programming.
                Configuration management in a highly heterogeneous
                software development environment. Load-testing and
                performance optimisation of distributed J2EE-based
                applications. System administration with high demands
                on system security and user integrity.

Swox            Software Engineer
----
February 98 -   Working with the GNU Toolchain; compiler, assembler,
September 00    linker, debugger. Porting to new hardware platforms,
                both CPU's for embedded systems and large CPU's.
                Auto* tools and PRNG for GMP.

Incolumitas     Security Consultant
-----------
January 97 -    Network security, security analysis, firewall
February 98     installation and verification, course leader.

SEB Data        Software Engineer
--------
November 93 -   Member of the Architecture & Technique group at SEB
January 97      (former S-E-Banken). Planning and implementing
                infrastructure for banking applications, most notably
                "Internetkontoret" (banking on Internet).

Branschdata     Programmer
-----------
1990 - 1992     Working with various computer/telephony systems such
                as call centre and voice messaging systems, mainly
                targeting middle sized PBX'es.

Aso Gymnasium   Student
-------------
1986 - 1990     High school diploma in Engineering,
                Telecommunications branch.
